the craziest and wildest brag to join a
war I don't know who's a lot will be
declared don't shut up you fucking
retard I don't usually play evil for you
I want to try them in this game series
been improved at all metsu hadoken i
guess but i can't connect from
Connecticut it's gonna be a problem i
heard they bought them in this game
africa small airfield destination
confirm some people are saying that they
buff these normal kicks so he's a little
bit better with footsies are you ready
fight okay really what's not me i didn't
do that look around house i got never to
come exactly what I did the fear of hair
is no stopping it ocean one okay who's
gonna do that till I drop the bunch of
stuff i miss my sure you Kim's I missed
a lot of moves that round let's keep it
up runaway handle both ears big battle
for supremacy
yep the fear of hair is terrible see ya
what the fuck can't believe it said Wow
where did that I didn't even know that
was an overhead fuck I didn't even know
that was an overhead I didn't know that
he still had one all right well I have
no idea what I was doing wibble Ryu
anyway I'm not surprised I lost